and without further ado let's begin with
the roast of our dear friend Gigi - get
this started
look at how fat you've got my god I took
a bird
wal K yesterday and she pooped out Mama
Cass
hey GG I think I ate your cousin last
night at Kung Pao kitchen ha ha look at
Gigi's eyes it looks like someone poured
Mentos and Diet Coke down her throat and
forgot the FERPA
are you gene I love it I wish you the
best the look so little GG you gonna
hate to say it but you're so ugly you
want to shave your ass and walk
backwards you're so skinny
you could be a stunt double on the
simple life you look across between
every part of nipple and a Twinkie
tgd a little bitch you know they send
the dog is man's best friend but I don't
believe that I mean how many of your
friends have you ever neutered you know
he's a great dog have to wala half Oscar
Mayer a decent snack can get the damn
thing to stand still thanks T we love
you baby
don't you think bitch it's a temptation
of it GZ spreads is so bad I don't know
whether to give her a breath mint or
toilet as is nutrition with all roofs my
guest of honor will now get revenge
please welcome everybody its Gigi not
Gigi we didn't have to meet an ethnic
diversity quota you don't
for future reference when people don't
laugh for your jokes
it means you weren't funny I hope you
enjoyed eating my cousin last night